To make a syntax that works without conflicts in an LR(1) parser generator some changes had to be made to the rules in the spec

1) string literals:
    we use "stringconst -> stringconst STRING_LIT" not "stringconst -> stringconst stringconst". we don't actually care which arbitrary action our parser generator would choose. But this way we know that string consts should be evaluated top down

2) left handed lists:
    In general rules of the form "list -> list DELIM element | element | element DELIM" cause Menhir to generate a parser that will never accept a multi element list. To preserve the syntax tree specified in the docs we move the optional DELIM after an element to an optional DELIM after a list (ie: all productions "_ -> a list b" cause an additional productions "_ -> a list DELIM b" to be added. this doesn't change the shape of the AST as DELIM doesn't have semantic content) 
    Cases:
        ConstantBindings, GlobalBindings

3) parameter lists cause a conflict as parameters can be COMA terminated but can also be followed by COMA this means that "parameters COMA DOTS" causes a shift reduce conflict. To solve this the optional trailing COMA and variadic decorations have been moved to the terminating case of parameters. This means that to know if a parameter list is variadic you must look at the innermost parameters node. This DOES change the shape of the AST

4) function defs are ambiguous with only one symbol of look ahead in the NAME case. consider a buffer that holds "FN NAME" with look ahead "LPAREN" we could reduce NAME to ident, or shift LPAREN into the buffer. This locks us into a prototype or a definition respectively and we don't know which we want until we see (or don't see) an EQ. This could be solved by making two tokens for "identifier" and "NAME" which would put the job of disambiguating these cases onto the lexer. instead we accept cases where a qualified ident is used in a function definition and raise an error later in the pipeline when the tree is validated. 